Update delete-a-user.md (#830)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-O365ITPro: Office365-Admin/add-users/delete-a-user.md

    
- If you want to keep the user's email, **BEFORE** you delete the account, move the email to a different location. If you've already deleted the account: if it's been less than 30 days you can restore it, then move the email data, then delete the account. See [Get access to and back up a former user's data](get-access-to-and-back-up-a-former-user-s-data.md).
    

> - If you have an Enterprise subscription, like Office 365 Enterprise E3, you can preserve the mailbox data of a deleted Office 365 user account by turn it into an *inactive mailbox*. To learn more, see [Manage inactive mailboxes in Exchange Online](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/compliance/inactive-mailboxes-in-office-365).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you have an Enterprise subscription like Office 365 Enterprise E3, you can preserve the mailbox data of a deleted Office 365 user account by turning it into an *inactive mailbox*. To learn more, see [Manage inactive mailboxes in Exchange Online](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/inactive-mailboxes-in-office-365).
```

> - If you have an Enterprise subscription like Office 365 Enterprise E3, you can preserve the mailbox data of a deleted Office 365 user account by turning it into an *inactive mailbox*. To learn more, see [Manage inactive mailboxes in Exchange Online](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/inactive-mailboxes-in-office-365).

Reviewer 2: Please remove **en-us/** from the URL
